Add disk usage limit configuration to datafusion-cli (#15586)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/cli/usage.md

        --mem-pool-type <MEM_POOL_TYPE>
            Specify the memory pool type 'greedy' or 'fair', default to 'greedy'

    -d, --disk-limit <DISK_LIMIT>

>             Available disk space for spilling queries (e.g. '10g'), default to None (no limit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Available disk space for spilling queries (e.g. '10g'), default to None (use DataFusion's default value of '100g')
```
